I think some of the things that make a good leaders, first of all, good
leaders read their students of history. They are understanding of
what has gone before them and not doomed to repeat the negative things
that happened before us. Um, their understanding of a wide swath
of individuals, not necessarily their specific leadership style. Ah,
good Leader also is someone who can look at its people and understand,
um, their intense, different studies such as Myer, Briggs or Hogan
Assessments, could be key in deciding where their individuals fit
and also a good leader, I believe really gives opportunities for the
people under them. Thio serve opportunities for the people under them
to lead and take risks and chances. The leader's role is toe to
take the responsibility off of them and give them opportunities to fail.
And so I think that's where their development really shows. That's
where they can really, uh, make the most money for the organization,
which is the Navy. And that's gonna formulate their leadership
style as they go forward and hopefully glean some, um, nuggets of what
you have given them